# Assignment 3: SQL part 1

Consider a database that captures vendors, teams, and parts. `Vendors` sell parts to teams that need these parts.
The database has three Relations `Vendors`, `Teams` and `Parts` to capture the entities in this database as well
as a Relation `VTP`, that captures the number of parts that a team has purchased from a vendor:

    Vendors (Vnr, Vname, Status, Location)
    Teams (Tnr, Tname, Location)
    Parts (Pnr, Pname, Color, Price)
    VTP (Vnr, Tnr, Pnr, Number)

Vendors is a Relation that captures the vendors that sell parts to teams. Each vendor has a unique vendor number `Vnr`,

    Vnr: the unique vendor number
    Vname: the name of the vendor
    Status: the status of the vendor
    Location: the location of the vendor

Teams is a Relation that captures the teams that need parts. Each team has a unique team number `Tnr`,

    Tnr: the unique team number
    Tname: the name of the team
    Location: the location of the team

Parts is a Relation that captures the parts that are sold by vendors. Each part has a unique part number `Pnr`,

    Pnr: the unique part number
    Pname: the name of the part
    Color: the color of the part
    Price: the price of the part

VTP is a Relation that captures the number of parts that a team has purchased from a vendor. Each tuple in VTP has a unique combination of `Vnr`, `Tnr`, and `Pnr`,

    Vnr: the unique vendor number
    Tnr: the unique team number
    Pnr: the unique part number
    Number: the number of parts that the team has purchased from the vendor

### (a) Find the name of all teams in Atlanta.

```sql
SELECT Tname
FROM university3.Teams
WHERE Location = 'Atlanta';
```

### (b) Finde the IDs for a parts delivered by the vendor named Smith.

```sql
SELECT Pnr
FROM university3.Vendors, university3.VTP
WHERE Vname = 'Smith' AND VTP.Vnr = Vendors.Vnr;
```

### (c) Provide a list that contains, for each team in Atlanta, the names of all delivered parts delivered to the team.

```sql
SELECT Pname
FROM university3.Parts, university3.VTP, university3.Teams
WHERE Teams.Location = 'Atlanta' AND Teams.Tnr = VTP.Tnr AND VTP.Pnr = Parts.Pnr;
```

### (d) Find the name of all parts that are delivered to both T1 and T2.

```sql
SELECT Pname
FROM university3.Parts, university3.VTP
WHERE VTP.Tnr = 'T1' AND VTP.Pnr = Parts.Pnr
INTERSECT
SELECT Pname
FROM university3.Parts, university3.VTP
WHERE VTP.Tnr = 'T2' AND VTP.Pnr = Parts.Pnr;
```

### (e) Provide a list that contains, for each Part, the total amount of parts (regardless of price) of this part that was ordered. (The result should have two attributes: Pnr and Total Amount)

```sql
SELECT Pnr, SUM(Number) as TotalAmount
FROM university3.VTP
GROUP BY Pnr;
```
